Data analysis is the process of gathering, cleaning, analyzing and mining data, interpreting results, and reporting the findings. 
With data analysis we find patterns within data and correlations between different data points. 
And it is through these patterns and correlations that insights are generated, and conclusions are drawn. 
Data analysis helps businesses understand their past performance and informs their decision-making for future actions. 
Using data analysis, businesses can validate a course of action before committing to it. Saving valuable time and resources and also ensuring greater success. 
They are four primary type sof data analysis:
--> Descriptive Anlaysis: helps answer questions about what happened over a given period of time by summarizing past data and presenting the findings to stakeholders. 
                          It helps provide essential insights into past events. 
-->Diagonstic Analysis: helps answer the question. Why did it happen? It takes the insights from descriptive analytics  to dig deeper to find the cause of the outcome. 
--> Predictive Analysis: helps answer the question, What will happen next? Historical data and trends are used to predict future outcomes. 
                          Some of the areas in which businesses apply predictive analysis are risk assessment and sales forecasts.
                          It's important to note that the purpose of predictive analytics is not. to say what will happen in the future, 
                          it's objective is to forecast what might happen in the future. 
                           All predictions are probabilistic in nature. 
--> Prescripitve Analysis: helps answer the question, What should be done about it? By analyzing past decisions and events, the likelihood of different outcomes. 
                           Is estimated on the basis of which a course of action is decided. Self-driving cars are a good example of Prescriptive Analytics. 
                           They analyze the environment to make decisions regarding speed, changing lanes, which route to take, etc. Or airlines automatically adjusting ticket prices based on customer demand.
                           
