A modern data ecosystem includes a whole network of interconnected, independent, and continually evolving entities. 
It includes data that has to be integrated from disparate sources, different types of analysis and skills to generate insights.
 Active stakeholders to collaborate and act on insights generated and tools, applications and infrastructure to store, process, and disseminate data as required.
 Let's start with the data sources. Data is available in a variety of structured and unstructured datasets, residing in text, images, videos, click streams, user conversations, social media platforms, 
 the Internet of things or IoT devices, real-time events that stream data, legacy databases, and data sourced from professional data providers and agencies.
 The sources have never before been so diverse and dynamic. When you're working with so many different sources of data, the first step is to pull a copy of the data from the original sources into a data repository.
  At this stage, you're only looking at acquiring the data you need working with data formats, sources, and interfaces through which this data can be pulled in.
  Reliability, security, and integrity of the data being acquired are some of the challenges you work through at this stage. 
  Once the raw data is in a common place, it needs to get organized, cleaned up, and optimized for access by end users. 
  The data will also need to conform to compliances and standards enforced in the organization.
  The key challenges at this stage could involve data management and working with data repositories that provide high availability, flexibility, accessibility, and security.
  Finally, we have our business stakeholders: applications, programmers, analysts, and data science use cases, all pulling this data from the enterprise data repository.
  The key challenges at this stage could include the interfaces, APIs, and applications that can get this data to the end users inline with their specific needs. 
   Business stakeholders may need reports and dashboards. Applications may need custom APIs to pull this data.
   
  It's important to note the influence of some of the new and emerging technologies that are shaping today's data ecosystem and its possibilities, for example: cloud computing, machine learning, 
  and big data, to name a few. 
  Thanks to cloud technologies, every enterprise today has access to limitless storage, high-performance computing, open source technologies, machine learning technologies, and the latest tools and libraries. 
  Data scientists are creating predictive models by training machine learning algorithms on past data, also big data. 
  Today, we're dealing with datasets that are so massive and so varied that traditional tools and analysis methods are no longer adequate, paving the way for new tools and techniques and
  also new knowledge and insights. 
