 Data can be: Structured; Semi-structured, or Unstructured. 
 Structured data has a well-defined structure or adheres to a specified data model, can be stored in well-defined schemas such as databases, and in many cases can be represented in a tabular manner with rows and columns. Structured data is objective facts and numbers that can be collected, exported, stored, and organized in typical databases. 
 Some of the sources of structured data could include: SQL Databases and Online Transaction Processing (or OLTP) Systems that focus on business transactions, Spreadsheets such as Excel and Google Spreadsheets, Online forms, Sensors such as Global Positioning Systems (or GPS) and Radio Frequency Identification (or RFID) tags; and Network and Web server logs.
 You can typically store structured data in relational or SQL databases. You can also easily examine structured data with standard data analysis methods and tools. 
 Semi-structured data is data that has some organizational properties but lacks a fixed or rigid schema.
 Semi-structured data cannot be stored in the form of rows and columns as in databases.
 It contains tags and elements, or metadata, which is used to group data and organize it in a hierarchy.
 Some of the sources of semi-structured data could include: E-mails, XML, and other markup languages, Binary executables, TCP/IP packets, Zipped files, Integration of data from different sources. 
 XML and JSON allow users to define tags and attributes to store data in a hierarchical form and are used widely to store and exchange semi-structured data. 
  Unstructured data is data that does not have an easily identifiable structure and, therefore, cannot be organized in a mainstream relational database in the form of rows and columns. 
  It does not follow any particular format, sequence, semantics, or rules. Unstructured data can deal with the heterogeneity of sources and has a variety of business intelligence and analytics applications.
  Some of the sources of unstructured data could include: Web pages, Social media feeds, Images in varied file formats (such as JPEG, GIF, and PNG), video and audio files, documents and PDF files, PowerPoint presentations, media logs; and surveys.
  Unstructured data can be stored in files and documents (such as a Word doc) for manual analysis or in NoSQL databases that have their own analysis tools for examining this type of data. 
  
